FORM OF CUSTOMER LICENCE

Budibase hereby grants the Customer a worldwide, royalty free, non-exclusive,
perpetual (for the lifetime of the intellectual property rights contained in the Product)
right and title to utilise the binary code of the The Neighbourhoodie Software GmbH
Structured Query Server software product (Product) for its own internal business
purposes (the Purpose) only (the Licence). The Product has the function of bringing a
CouchDB database (NoSQL database) into an SQL database form (SQLite) and thereby
making it usable for complex queries - which originally could only be displayed in an
SQL database. By indexing in SQLite and a server that is tailored to it, the Product
enables the use of CouchDB with SQL queries.
The Licence shall not permit sub-licensing, resale or transfer of the Product to third
parties, other than sub-licensing to the Customer’s direct contractors for the purposes
of utilizing the Product as contemplated above.
The Licence shall not permit the adaptation, modification, decompilation, reverse
engineering or similar activities with respect to the Product.
This licence is granted to the Customer only, although Customer and its Affiliates’
employees, servants and agents shall be entitled to utilize the Product within the scope
of the Licence for the Customer’s Purpose only.
Reproduction is not permitted to users, except for reproductions that are necessary for
the use of the product under the licence described above. These conditions apply to the
product regardless of the form in which we make the product available and on which
devices it is installed and/or with which devices it is ultimately used. Depending on the
product variant or intended use, certain technical requirements in the IT infrastructure
must be satisfied as a prerequisite for use.
The law of the Northern Ireland applies exclusively to this licence, and the courts of
Northern Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction, save that we reserve a right to sue
you in the jurisdiction in which you are based. The application of the UN Sales
Convention (CISG) is excluded.
The invalidity of any part of this licence does not affect the validity of the remaining
regulations.
